- Wait, can you not hear me?
- No, I'm just messing with you.
(laughing)
- Okay, oh man, that was stressful.
(upbeat music)
- Number 47, there's nothing special,
that's a number 47, there's nothing I can say about it.
It's just a number.
- Did you see that we have competition?
- Mm-hmm.
- We have competition.
Did you see that we have competition?
- Were you talking about competition in podcasting?
- We've got, yeah.
- There are a lot of podcast decks.
I don't know if you realize this.
It's a pretty popular medium.
(laughing)
- Yeah, I didn't know.
- But what do you mean?
- Specifically?
- I thought we invented podcast.
- Is there another Adam and Dax?
- Well, Aaron Francis started one
with someone and it's similar.
It's just two people that are friends that are talking,
I think, I didn't listen to their first episode.
- Oh, well, two friends that are talking.
I mean, they're in tech, so I guess that makes sense.
I'm assuming it's tech.
- In tech, I think they had a good name.
I think it was called Mostly Technical or something.
- Mm-hmm, that sounds like our podcast, kind of.
- I think we're more like sometimes technical.
- So, wait, yeah.
Sometimes accidentally technical.
- Yeah, when we have to be--
- I wouldn't say mostly.
- Mostlytechnical.com.
- Who's his friend?
I'm Aaron's friend.
- I'm not a podcast.
- I'm not a podcast, little friend.
- Ian Landsman.
I've not heard the name.
- I think it's another Laravel person.
- Oh, Laravel.
Ooh, okay.
I'm a big Laravel fan.
I don't know if you know this about me.
I was just recently in a GitHub article about it.
(laughing)
- Really?
What is it, hang on, what is a GitHub article?
- Or like, the GitHub read me.
You know what I'm talking about?
It's like, it's like a blog that they do.
- How are you in it?
What do they say?
- They interviewed me.
'Cause I'm a Laravel person.
I'm gonna tell you.
- Are you kidding me?
- No, they wanted someone with an outside perspective,
which I have.
(laughing)
- Okay, I was gonna say,
like you're definitely a scammer if you got into it.
- Oh, come on, I don't know the scammer.
I've been very upfront that I've not actually used it.
I can't find their blog.
Where's their blog?
Read me?
No.
The Read Me Project.
- It's funny 'cause everyone uses Transistor.
So we all have the same like podcast page,
like a layout designer doing like the same.
So it just feels like a direct like clone,
but like obviously it's not our design, but yeah, it's funny.
- I wonder if they thought about our podcast
when they started this mostly technical podcast.
'Cause I mean, that is kind of like what we are.
We are kind of mostly technical.
- Yeah.
- I mean, we're technical people.
We just don't like talk about much technical stuff, I guess.
- Yeah.
- If they're mostly technical, I gotta listen to it now.
'Cause if they're mostly technical,
then it will be pretty different.
- We started off more technical
than we just ran out of stuff.
- Did we?
Yeah, we did.
We just, we got tired of talking about next JS
and whatever else.
- Yeah, exactly.
Yeah, we'll see.
We'll see.
So it's competition.
- I like their logo.
It's a cool logo.
- It's competition.
We gotta take them down.
We gotta sabotage them.
- It's not competition.
That's such a, that's a stop it.
That's such a like a scarcity mindset.
You gotta have an abundance mindset.
We're all here just trying to grow the space.
That's what they say.
- Grow the space.
- But which one sounds more fun?
Does your version of the world sound more fun
or does my version of the world sound more fun?
- I mean, it does sound more fun,
but it also sounds just more hostile
and more anxiety-inducing.
But fun too, I'll give you the fun.
Why are we wired?
As humans, why are we so wired for the negative?
Why do we thrive on like bad things?
It's like the whole reason the internet
of comedy works, a comedy.
It's the reason a comedy works.
- Mostly technical.
Are we wired for bad things?
I think, I mean, this place where I think about this is
when something new comes out that could potentially work.
You have a lot of people that will bet that it doesn't work.
- Yeah.
- And oftentimes they're right,
but I always feel like it's not hard to bet
that something would not work
because most things don't work.
It's like a lot harder to bet that it would work.
- That it will work.
What's something you bet will work?
- Sorry, that's a side note.
- Everything I do, everything you do specifically.
- I do.
Well, I have to think that way,
otherwise I wouldn't be able to do it.
- Oh, that's true.
- Yeah, yeah.
You gotta get you out of bed every day.
- Yeah, but I think people feel like they have good
predictability 'cause they're like,
"Oh, I knew that wouldn't work."
And it didn't, but most things don't work.
So you're just playing the odds.
It's not really like any insight.
When someone bets that something will work
and most people think it won't work
and then it does work.
That's when I'm like, "Oh, that is like a special moment
because that was working."
- Oh, okay.
I'm just gonna start betting everything will work.
- Exactly.
- So that I can have one of those special moments.
- No one's gonna remember the times you were wrong,
but they're gonna remember that time that you were right.
- When you nailed it, no Stradamus style.
- Exactly.
- Wasn't that no Stradamus, did I make that up?
That's a person, right?
That was like a person that predicted a lot of things.
- I don't know exactly what the origin is,
but I understand the reference.
It's like someone like a prophecy person.
- I think it was a person who nailed a bunch of stuff.
I gotta look it up now.
I remember as a kid,
I'm talking about all the things that he predicted came true.
I think if you're just vague enough,
it is a crazy name, no Stradamus.
- It's like a storybook name.
- Yeah, it's true.
He was probably from a long time ago
when people had those names.
- He predicted that one day.
- Yeah, if you're vague enough, like,
I don't know, you can make a prediction
that's pretty meaningless,
but can be interpreted as true later.
- I don't have an example, I'm terrible at examples
and analogies and anything like that,
but I bet there's some good ones.
If you wanna think of one, I'd agree.
- Yeah, I've seen this.
One of my favorite concepts is this scam
that people can do,
where they first develop a mailing list
of like, I don't know, 10,000 people, whatever it is.
And on some pivotal moment,
let's say like an earnings report or something,
like involving a moment for a publicly traded company,
you send half the list that
they're gonna fail to meet expectations by puts
or the other side, other half you tell them to buy calls.
And obviously one half thinks you're lying,
well, things that you were wrong,
the other half thinks you're right.
And you do this like three or four times
and you end up with like a list of a small group of people,
but from their point of view,
you are just like a genius
that has predicted every single thing correctly.
And at that point, you sell them, of course.
- So you have 5,000 people now,
like half the people that take your genius,
that's pretty smart.
- Yeah, and you do it like once or twice,
when you have 100, then again,
like then you end up with somewhere around 1,000
and that's a lot of people that think you're a genius.
So, all it takes.
- Wait, is the math work there?
So you cut it down to 5,000 by getting it wrong
and right, like you got right for half of them.
And then you split that one in 2,500.
Okay, yeah.
So every time there's people who think
you've got like three or four things right by the end.
- Yeah, as long as you're picking like binary situations
that are, yes, no, then like half the people think you,
you were right.
- Wow.
- You bet that you tell them like this,
this team is gonna win or whatever.
- Yeah.
Okay, I gotta work on the mailing list.
By the way, I don't have such a match.
I don't think I have one anymore.
- That's the only reason I'm building my Twitter
following to one day,
I'm just gonna spend years developing credibility
to them one day run this scam on 50,000 people.
- But it only works in a newsletter, right?
'Cause you gotta send,
like they can't be a public for it.
Yeah.
- Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
That makes sense.
I'll DM everyone on Twitter.
- Yeah, they're probably writing API thing.
I don't know.
- Yeah.
Yeah, so great scam, unsoppable.
- So what I was getting at with the negative thing,
like we're wired for like outrage.
It's like all the negative emotions are so much stronger.
Like we, I mean, that's why social media
is the way it is, right?
Because that's what gets so much engagement.
We get so fired up over the bad stuff, right?
Like positive emotions don't sell.
- Yeah, I think so.
'Cause I mean, the thing I said the other day
where I feel like knowing how to be happy is a skill.
And I guess a lot of people,
it's a difficult skill.
And I think what we see is people struggling with that.
So they like tap into things that don't make them happy.
- Yeah.
- That's why I think it does well.
'Cause it takes work to like ignore those things
to realize like, okay, long term is gonna make me feel better
not to read this thing.
- Yeah.
- That's hard.
- It is.
- I don't know.
- It's mostly, it's easy if you just don't,
if you don't use those apps.
I don't really use Twitter much anymore or X.
And I do find I'm happier.
It's like I'm busy.
I know once I'm not busy and like things calm down,
I'll be back on there and I'll be back in the same patterns.
But every time I'm out of it,
it's like, oh, this isn't actually that hard to not be on it
'cause I feel really great and not being on it.
Just a lot less like thinking about stuff
that I would be thinking about.
I don't know.
- That's why it's really good to be busy.
And that's why I don't think people fantasize about
not having no work and retiring.
And I'm like, I don't know if you're gonna like that.
I don't know if you're gonna like not having anything
to do every single day.
I'm very busy right now too.
And I feel the same way.
I feel like I'm in better harmony with everything in my life.
'Cause I have, I'm gonna post my work.
I do wish I was able to stream.
I wish I could stream right now.
That would be nice.
- Technically you are streaming right now in a way.
- I mean, yeah, I guess, yeah.
I'm on your Twitch.
Oh, I just, I thought of something in the middle
of something you were saying, I was totally listening.
But I thought of, you wanna go to war with this new podcast.
Aaron wasn't following me on Twitter.
And I noticed this one day and I was,
it's like this weird, I don't know how I ended up
on his profile is like, wait, Aaron doesn't follow me?
And Aaron used to follow me.
And I was so outraged, but at the same time,
I thought like there's no way he'd just like unfollowed me
and not say anything.
Like we've been in the DMs, we've had calls like,
feel like we're pretty close.
Not like how close can you be with somebody over the internet
when you haven't really met in person.
But like in terms of internet friends,
I count them as a dear friend, you know,
like a dear internet friend.
And I finally, after a couple of glasses of wine one night
at the offsite, cinema DM, I was like, Aaron,
why don't you follow me more?
Like what's going on?
And it was an accident.
It was like a total, like just a flu, he didn't know.
And I can resonate with that.
I actually retweeted something the other day.
I want to accident, like I guess like,
but die over something.
I watch that all the time.
All the time.
It's like someone said, like why did you retweet that?
Like DM me?
And I'm like, oh, it didn't mean to.
It was like some deep reply.
Oh my God, I accidentally retweeted.
I don't think, well, people must have saw it.
And no one liked it because it was something like,
I don't know.
I don't remember exactly what it was,
but it was someone posting.
So the original tweet was someone posting like a picture
from some meetup in San Francisco,
how it was like just all bunch of dudes.
And someone said something else, like as an overreaction,
something like kind of like maybe like anti women,
just something not good.
And I actually retweeted it.
And I'm like, oh man, I really hope nobody saw that.
'Cause I didn't notice till the next day.
And I was like, yeah, this was the next day for me too.
And my mind wasn't, my mind was innocuous.
But it wasn't really, it wasn't direct.
It was like, the problem is, okay,
it was something that was like,
it was said in a humorous way, but it wasn't funny enough.
Like it wasn't funny enough to be worth the thing.
- To retweet it.
- So they just sound like salty about something.
And I like retweeted it.
- Oh no.
- This is literally what works in the right to be.
Yeah.
And then my other situation is CEO, plant scale.
I started talking to him initially just over Twitter.
Yeah.
And we had like an initial brief conversation about
just some things about how plant scale works.
And I was like, oh, this is cool.
I like him like this is a new relationship into.
Then I accidentally DM'd him,
just like a butt DM'd him.
Like this really stupid, like crypto related thing.
It was like.
- Wait, you butt DM'd him actual words
and they were about crypto.
I sent him, I like somehow like sent him to tweet to him.
- Oh no.
- It was something, it was like just like the lamest point.
It was like something so stupid like,
like crypto needs a GitHub or just like something
like this like a lame, like really lame point.
And I sent it to him and then he replied in a really nice way
to be like, oh yeah, that is true.
And I was like, no, like I think I like found this
so interesting that I needed to send it to you
of all people and reply to being like LOL.
That was a, yeah, I don't know if he believed it
but I hope. - That's so funny.
- I hope in the time since as he got in to know me more
that he would understand that.
- He'd realize you wouldn't have.
- He wouldn't have send him that.
- That's awesome.
Well, we could just pretend that Aaron really did unfollow me.
He did point out to me, like if he really didn't want
to hear what I had to say, he could mute me
and not create a big fuss.
So I believe him, it was an accident.
- I don't believe him.
- But we could just pretend, let's not believe him.
You know, they're competing on our podcast.
Let's just, we're going to make it a blood feud.
And let's just unfollow Aaron right now.
- He unfollowed you and he started his own fucking accident.
(laughing)
- Look, this guy sucks.
We can do this so much better.
- Yeah, exactly.
I wouldn't believe him if I were you
and I would be, I would start more drama.
He probably thought, you heard it, Aaron.
- He probably thought that the content
you were putting in his feed was really bad
and negative and bad for the world.
- I mean, honestly, when I saw he had unfollowed me,
I was like, man, check that out.
He's really into positivity and I'm really negative.
(laughing)
It kind of makes sense despite having a relationship.
But yeah, it never feels good.
It never feels good when you notice
that somebody unfollowed you.
That's the thing that I've noticed in the past.
Or just when someone who you feel like
you've got a mutual connection to just never does follow you.
I've talked about that before.
I'm weird about stuff like this.
Why am I so weird?
- This is, I mean, this is like a great explanation
of why it's been good for you to be off of Twitter.
- Yes, this has been nice
'cause these are the kind of things
that I go crazy over.
- Yeah, I've been enjoying this.
I don't know if you saw the stuff I've been doing
for the past couple of weeks
where I've been posting these challenges.
- Yeah, we were like, here's a challenge.
You're too dumb, you won't figure it out.
We'll see you, you'll see you try.
Dumb dums.
Sorry, that's how I interpret them.
Go ahead, yeah, tell me about it.
- I don't know that's fairly accurate.
(laughing)
Yeah, so I mean, I always complain
that they're just never back in discussion on Twitter.
So all I get to engage with is front end stuff.
And I was like, oh, but I can probably do more
than just complain.
Like maybe I can just try like talking more
about back end stuff.
And I think these challenges are good
because they're very engaging.
Like people, it's a chance for like people to discuss
and like actually take part as opposed
to being just like a way thing.
- Almost as engaging as quote tweet this with.
Sorry, how are you doing? (laughing)
- Yeah, so I've just been posting this
and they all come from, I basically just pay attention
to stuff I'm working on throughout the week.
And I'll be like, oh, that was like a very specific thing
I had to do, but it's like a generalized problem.
Let me like make a generalized version
of the challenge and I'll post it.
And it's been pretty cool because I've found
that they're valuable in that almost no one,
as I was gonna say, what you said earlier,
almost no one gets them.
I'm not saying that as in like, how high I went stupid,
a little bit, I am a little bit
saying how high I went stupid.
But it actually shows that's valuable
'cause like it's an opportunity for most people to.
- To learn something. - It's something
that you've rented.
I don't know why, but like whatever my career trajectory was
like it hit these problems like very directly or early on.
So I just assumed, okay, everyone just thinks
about stuff all the time, but I guess it's not the case.
And then I occasionally will actually get an answer
that's very good and thorough.
And sometimes I even like learn something from it,
which is pretty awesome.
So yeah, it's been fun.
Of course it's Twitter, so there's always a way
that people will find people will always find a way
to be annoying no matter what.
And the classic thing is they'll reply being like,
this isn't even hard.
(laughing)
I'll be like, you do that, this isn't even hard.
And of course they're wrong.
They like miss something or like the thing
they posted is wrong.
Someone on the first one, someone replied being like,
this isn't even wrong, you just do this.
Then someone corrected them being like,
well, you have to consider this thing.
They were like, well, it's still not that hard.
You just do this.
And then they corrected them again,
being able to miss this other thing.
And they concluded like, oh, it's just like so easy.
And I'm like, you literally proved this.
You demonstrated why it was a challenge
because it seems straightforward,
but it's a little bit more complicated than it seems.
That's a form of challenge I like.
I like when it seems simple,
but like you start to go into it and you're like,
oh, what about this case or about that case?
- Yeah.
- But some people just take you to face value.
- Does it sort of, like I assumed when I saw
you posting these things that it was sort of highlighting
some of the challenges with the modern web stack
that everyone's sort of gone down.
Like, does it challenge those things?
Does it make it hard?
If the only thing you know about back end
is like next JS API routes,
is it tough to implement some of these patterns
or is that not part of your--
- Well, I wasn't thinking about that,
but you know, I would love to make that point.
- I did a little bit.
- So if I'm making that point, that's fantastic.
- No, I actually wasn't.
I, it started with something simple.
It was just, the first one was just,
I have a thousand tasks I need to do,
but I only want to do them 25 at a time.
But I do want to do that concurrently 25 at a time.
And I was thinking about how in other languages,
this is like very natural or native.
And in JavaScript, it's kind of not as straightforward
or just takes a lot of code.
So yeah, it was just that, it's where it started.
And then I was kind of taking it from there.
And it's been pretty easy to think about them.
Like something, I run to something almost every day
that fits into this.
- So I've been working very hard.
Lots of, lots of flinging code around and deleting code
and doing all the things with code.
I never think of like a thing
that I would distill and share with the world.
I just don't, is that like a different personality?
Is it a different set of skills?
Like I can't imagine at the end of my day
being like, oh, I solved this problem today.
Here is how I can distill that
and hand it over to the world to learn.
Oh, I don't think I could ever do that.
It's just not in me.
- I don't think it's like anything like that.
'Cause I remember very clearly thinking at one point
where I would see people that were doing stuff more publicly.
And I was like, oh, all they're doing is remembering
that once they finish solving a problem, they're not done.
They have this opportunity to then like post it.
So to me, just felt like a habit that I had to develop
'cause I didn't have the mindset of,
okay, I should take note of this.
Or like this is useful more than just be on my direct problem.
Yeah, so I remember not doing that at all.
And then now like being able to constantly remember
to do that.
So I don't know, I think it just--
- So that's something I could develop.
It's something I could work on.
- Hmm, yeah.
I mean, even some of the stuff you ran into
'cause you're doing all the asterisk stuff
and AWS and all those little details,
there's probably some general stuff there.
- Yeah, it just feels so specific.
But I guess that's just my mindset.
I don't know.
- But people even like specific stuff.
- Yeah.
- It gives them a night to like something
that they don't already know about.
- Yeah, it's so fun when like in the SSC Discord,
seeing other people that are using Astro and SSC
and like they're creating PRs.
And like knowing that there's other people
that are like super into this very specific stack,
enough to like contribute and push it forward.
I just love that.
I love knowing like I'm not a snowflake.
I'm not alone in this little tiny branch
of software development I'm in.
- Yeah.
- There's people that think about this stuff all the time.
That's really cool.
- Yeah, that's crazy about the internet.
I just like no matter how small a minority you are,
it'll like just connect you with enough people.
- That's what it feels like a real community.
But the SST, the Astro on AWS combo,
I actually have heard from Fred
that that's technically the majority,
that that's if you rank all their deployments of Astro.
- Really?
- It makes sense because we always forget
like all real companies with paid employees deploy in AWS.
So any technology that's at all adopted,
it just kind of is a default.
They might not be deploying it in this like really effective
way it might be just like static pages
or like something a lot simpler.
- Yeah.
- But yeah, AWS is like where most of most,
if you always have to rank them.
I don't know like what percentage it is.
- Yeah, that's so interesting.
I mean, I think it is the best way by a lot,
but I just assumed that the easiness of like,
just clicking a button
and sending your Astro site to Versailles.
I just figured that would like be their predominant thing.
Can we talk about Astro as we've done this before?
We've talked about Astro and SST,
but can we talk about this PR specifically?
Is that getting a little weird?
- No, let's do it, let's do it.
- Okay.
So let's talk about whether, you know,
the fallback approach, this PR out there,
I feel like we need to talk about this anyway.
Just like come to some kind of resolution
or you can take something back and, I don't know,
make a case, API Gateway versus not API Gateway,
all that conversation, do you want, let's just do it.
- So I guess I'll lay out the situation.
So when you build, when you use some of these frameworks
like Asha or Nexius, you start to define
lots of routes, there's routes for dynamic content,
there's routes for static content,
there's routes for, I don't know, like your assets.
There's like all kinds of different ways
that whatever is getting a request
needs to route it to a different place.
Like sometimes it's to a function,
to like render it live.
Sometimes it's to something cache and S3.
And as your app gets more complex,
you just get a lot of these different patterns.
Unfortunately in AWS, they're front facing
like the router that the end user hits,
called CloudFront, they're CDN.
There's a limitation, but default limitation,
what is it, 20 behaviors?
Oh my God.
- 25, I think, yeah, something like that.
- Okay, so basically they're saying
like we can only specify 25 patterns of things.
And sometimes that works like if all of your static assets
are under just flash assets or whatever,
like that's just one behavior.
But with like a real like big website, like a real application,
like you're gonna get all kinds of complicated patterns.
So we're trying to figure out how to work around
this problem because AWS will lift the limits
if you message them, but they don't lift it infinitely.
And they like, they'll bump you up
and then you're gonna keep asking them to bump it up.
That's 'cause more complicated.
- We've got it up to 50 right now, for what it's worth.
- So as for us, like building an adapter to deploy AWS,
we can't rely on people having the limit bumped up.
So we're looking at different options.
Is that a good summary?
- Yeah, I think so.
And I think the traditional, the easy answer is like
you put API gateway in there between your handler code
that's in Lambda's, Lambda functions.
Oh, I said Lambda's, I'm so sorry, Chris.
(laughs)
I just, every time I hear the word, I think of Chris Moons,
there's like putting API gateway in between
and doing all the routing there.
So basically you have like one default behavior
in your cloud front distribution
that just routes everything into your API gateway
and then you can do all the complicated routing stuff
you want in your API gateway layer.
There's downsides that like API gateway
is another thing that you kind of have to think about.
It's serverless.
I mean, there's not a lot of like,
not a lot of management there,
but it does introduce a little bit of latency.
It's not as fast as going straight to a Lambda function
with just a Lambda function URL
and you don't get streaming.
And I don't know why I'm so hung up on streaming
'cause the more I learn about streaming,
the more I think it's a dumb feature.
No one cares.
It's really like, I don't know, it's kind of neat.
It's kind of neat, but like at the end of the day,
you don't have loading states.
Like it's just sending chunks.
It's like if your page is really long
and you could defer loading stuff on the bottom of the page,
then like you get a little benefit.
The top of the page can render first.
And it's nice that like the CDN caches the full response,
like after the stream is complete,
it's a full page that ends up in the CDN.
So it's not like caching a spa
where you have a bunch of spinner states
and it's just a dumb, empty HTML page
that then makes calls to fetch data.
It's better than that in that sense,
but it's worse than that in the sense
that you can't put like a skeleton loader in there
or something like that
because it's just streaming sequential chunks of HTML.
Does that make sense so far?
- Yeah, the streaming thing is interesting
'cause I've also been kind of confused by that.
And I think if you look at where it was kind of like
born this pattern, it makes a lot more sense.
And your project might actually fall into this,
but the majority of like SaaS applications
talk to a singular backend.
You built your backend and like the majority of requests
talk to like your database.
It's like pretty simple.
Yeah, it might be a little bit more complicated than that,
but it doesn't go too crazy.
If you build like an e-commerce website,
you might have like here's some content from Shopify.
Here's some content that's stored in our CMS.
Here's some content that's stored in our inventory system
that might be separate for some reason.
So like a single page might be talking
to like all kinds of data sources.
So I imagine like each UI component on the page
talking to different data sources
that you can't like batch the requests to
or like they return at different speeds.
I see how streaming kind of makes sense there
because like yeah, then just the fact
that one of your back ends for one component on the page
being slow doesn't prevent the whole page
from not showing up.
Yep.
So I get that once again, I am extremely confused
why this is at all exciting for anyone that I know
working on anything.
They got lucky because there's weird coincidence
that OpenAI, you know, is all like a streaming type interface.
So like there was some like synergy there.
But again, like still kind of niche
because any like serious product integrating like OpenAI,
you actually don't stream it.
You buffer and you do some additional processing.
Yeah.
If you're just wrapping the OpenAI or OpenAI,
yeah.
Then like congratulations.
You're competing with the 1000 of the people
doing the same thing and it's worthless.
Yeah.
Yeah, exactly.
So I am like just not, I'm confused by that.
So yeah, again, like your situation is a little bit different
'cause you work on like a big consumer facing thing.
But most people I know don't.
They just work on business faces.
But honestly, yeah, the benefit of streaming is very tiny
and I've considered just ripping it out
even if it's supported because I don't know
that it's really adding enough to justify.
I think like there's something in me
that just hates the idea of like not being feature complete.
Like if Astro supports a thing.
Yeah, I know.
I want it to be there in the SSC adapter
and then that goes to code splitting.
So then code splitting,
the person that authored this PR says that they think
there's a path to support code splitting with that approach,
with the fallback approach.
I guess we didn't talk about the PR or the fallback approach.
This is a very weird, specific conversation
to have on a podcast.
But it aren't all of our conversations, I guess.
We're always just talking about whatever is going on.
So whatever.
They did say, I don't know how that would work.
You can't just fall back, chain them together.
That would be awful.
Yeah, it would be too slow.
That would be really slow, yeah.
'Cause the Lambda Invocations are semi expensive
as opposed to an S3, yes.
Yeah, exactly.
So yeah, I'm still not sure.
There's just so many dimensions of things you can trade off.
So if you want streaming, then you can't get splitting.
If you want splitting, then maybe you can't get streaming.
The reason I was thinking about splitting
was I was actually giving the Astro team demo
of the new SST console.
And I was showing them one of the things that I love
about this event-driven stuff, the serverless stuff,
is you can be way more aggressive with log statements.
So you can put way more log statements
than you normally would,
because it's not a single log stream
of your whole application.
It's already naturally broken down into
this function's log stream or this routes log stream.
And you get that granularity.
When you go into the console and you're like,
okay, I'm looking for an issue that happened
in this part of my application.
You just go to the function that handles it
and you see just the logs for it, which is great.
But with our current way we do SSR sites,
we bundle all of your routes into a single function.
So you lose that.
And then when you go to the log site function,
you see the logs for all of your routes.
So I like splitting, not from a performance point of view.
And again, if you look at our console
for most applications, you'll see that
even people that split up their functions,
all the functions are like eerily almost the exact same size
because your dependencies account for 99% of it.
So yeah, I don't care about splitting for performance,
but from observability standpoint of like organizing it,
like I'm almost willing to accept
some performance trade off to like maintain
that like niceness I get when I'm debugging.
- Yeah, I get that.
I guess like, I want to make sure I understand
splitting fully.
If you have dependencies on one route
that aren't on any other route,
then that bundle is going to be larger in that function, right?
'Cause like there are pages for us,
like we have a finance product
and then we have the sports product.
And on the finance side, we have to do a bunch of other stuff.
Like there's a bunch of stuff,
a bunch of dependencies we pull in that I don't love,
all of them, but I'd love for those dependencies
to not affect the bloat of our sports page
'cause they can be pretty light on the server side.
So I think splitting actually would benefit my use case.
- Yeah, it just depends, it's like very, very specific
to exactly your situation.
And it's just hard to measure also
because is a slower cold start worth it
if you have fewer cold starts overall, right?
It's a very hard question to answer.
And splitting means you have more cold starts,
but theoretically they get slower, they get faster,
but again, how faster?
Like is it 10% faster, 20% faster,
so three times faster.
So because they're just not like a slam dunk,
obviously is what you should always do,
it's hard for us to make a decision.
- Well, we got a lot of users,
so I lean towards splitting would be better for us.
- Yeah, that makes sense 'cause you'll always have
a bunch of warm stuff.
You're not gonna have a lot of cold starts in general.
- Right, 'cause the routes, I mean,
it's like it's not a cold start per page.
I mean, it's a cold start per route,
but the routes are all dynamic
and there could be a million different pages,
literally under one route with one dynamic segment.
- Yeah, that's true.
So that's just one cold start for any of those million pages.
- Yeah, yeah, that makes sense.
Yeah, I think for you guys,
like splitting is a little more obvious.
Yeah, I think the observability angle,
to me, that's like universally a good thing, so.
- Yeah.
- That's like my first decision point.
But yeah, it might just be good to split as a default.
- So maybe you could follow up on the PR or Frank
or somebody could follow up and just ask,
how would we implement splitting in this
because we want to move to splitting?
And if there's not a path forward,
then we want to look at the API gateway thing.
Maybe that's a good,
I don't know, I'm telling you how to run SST here.
I'm sorry. - No, that makes sense.
- No, I have one, I just, I like when.
- Do you want me to take over your stream too?
Is that, would you like me to?
- Just run and just take everything over.
- Hey, Optie's here, I'm sorry.
(laughing)
- It's called delegation.
I heard that's good.
- Yeah, exactly, delegate to the community.
It is, I think.
Especially when there's only three of you.
- Yeah, not what we like when people tell us what to do
'cause then there's less that we have to think about.
- Yeah, exactly.
- That will link the PR in the show notes
so that any of this made maybe some sense
if you care to dig in
and you want to understand what we're talking about.
There's some documentation on GitHub.
There are things you could read
and this would maybe make a little more sense.
If you've listened this far, you probably are curious.
- So there you go.
(laughing)
- Yeah, we're at the odd intersection
of like weird AWS infrastructure stuff
with like the most front-endy things
that you can think about.
- Yeah, it's a weird, it's a niche.
But it's the internet.
There's people out there that care about that niche.
- Yeah.
- I guess there's other people that listen to us
'cause we talked about aliens once or something.
I don't know.
I don't know why anyone listens to us.
Do you know?
- I don't know.
But more and more every single day.
- More and more.
It's growing.
You're part of a burgeoning community.
Maybe we should have a Discord or something.
I don't know.
Do people that listen to the show want to hang out?
No, you're shaking your head now.
- Yeah, I just like--
- Too many Discords.
- I just don't have time to, I just realized
I'm not able to allocate enough time
to like invest in something like that.
- Yeah.
- No, I hear you've got to find something--
- We'll wait 'til we have like a lot of listeners.
We'll wait 'til there's so many listeners
that we have multiple people who are like,
"Can I please run your Discord?"
I'm like, "Okay, I guess."
Hey, here's the thing.
There's a lot of people who listen to the show
and there are not a lot of reviews or ratings
or any of those things.
And if you're still listening 34 minutes
into this podcast, that means you probably like this show
and you could just go tell someone about it
or write it on the internet
so lots of someone's could see it.
That'd be good.
We'd like that.
I hear that that's good for spreading the show.
Okay, I always hate doing that,
but I did it, I did it just now.
- No, it's good.
I appreciate that.
- Sometimes I do it.
I appreciate that you're the one
that took the burden of doing that.
- You're welcome.
- Appreciate it.
Thank you.
(laughing)
I'll go write a review.
- Is appreciation a, well, is that a thank you or not?
Like if somebody says, "I appreciate that."
Is your welcome an appropriate response?
- It does sound weird to say you're welcome.
- It does, yeah.
I don't know what to say in respect.
- I appreciate that you appreciate it, Dax.
That's my response.
- Maybe I should start saying thank you.
I'm gonna rotate out the phrase appreciate it.
I'm gonna say thank you
so it's not awkward for the other person.
And they would appreciate me.
- So I could say, you're welcome.
I would appreciate that.
Now what do you say?
- You're welcome.
(laughing)
Oh man.
All right, let's get off here.
I think we gotta go.
- Okay.
- Yep.
- Okay, bye.
What do you look at me like that for?
- Is it still in the silent?
- I said, yeah.
- Oh, you already said it.
- And there was a pause.
- Oh, okay.
- Okay, see ya.
- Bye.
(upbeat music)